Add CMake support (#48)
libsdl-org/SDL_net: CMakeLists.txt

        set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES
            SOVERSION "${DYLIB_COMPATIBILITY_VERSION}"
            VERSION "${DYLIB_CURRENT_VERSION}"
        )
    else()
        set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES
            SOVERSION "${LT_MAJOR}"
            VERSION "${LT_VERSION}"
        )
    endif()
endif()
if(SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS AND (APPLE OR (UNIX AND NOT ANDROID)))
    add_custom_command(TARGET SDL2_net POST_BUILD
        COMMAND "${CMAKE_COMMAND}" -E create_symlink "$<TARGET_SONAME_FILE_NAME:SDL2_net>" "libSDL2_net$<$<CONFIG:Debug>:${SDL2NET_DEBUG_POSTFIX}>$<TARGET_FILE_SUFFIX:SDL2_net>"
        WORKING_DIRECTORY "${PROJECT_BINARY_DIR}"
    )
endif()
if(SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS)
    if(WIN32 OR OS2)
        set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES
            PREFIX ""
        )
    endif()
    if(OS2)
        # FIXME: OS/2 Makefile has a different LIBNAME
        set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES
            OUTPUT_NAME "SDL2net"
        )
    elseif(UNIX AND NOT ANDROID)
        set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES
            OUTPUT_NAME "SDL2_net-${LT_RELEASE}"
        )
    endif()

> endif()

Reviewer: This is in [a pending pr for SDL2](https://github.com/libsdl-org/SDL/pull/5727), and a to-do for SDL_image.
On MSVC or Watcom targeting Windows or OS/2, the dll import library and the static library have the same output file.
The SDL2 pr fixes this by creating `SDL2-static.lib` for those platforms.
```suggestion
else()
    if(MSVC OR (WATCOM AND (WIN32 OR OS2))
        set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES
            OUTPUT_NAME "SDL2_net-static"
        )
    endif()
endif()
```

# Use `Compatible Interface Properties` to ensure a shared SDL2_net is built with a shared SDL2
if(SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS)
    set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES 
        INTERFACE_SDL2_SHARED ${SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS}
        COMPATIBLE_INTERFACE_BOOL SDL2_SHARED
    )
endif()

if(SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS)
    sdl_target_link_options_no_undefined(SDL2_net)
endif()

if(SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS)
    # Make sure static library dependencies are built with -fPIC when building a shared SDL2_net
    set(CMAKE_POSITION_INDEPENDENT_CODE ON)
endif()

if(SDL2NET_INSTALL)
    install(
        TARGETS SDL2_net
        EXPORT SDL2NetExports
        ARCHIVE DESTINATION "${CMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR}" COMPONENT devel
        LIBRARY DESTINATION "${CMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR}" COMPONENT library
        RUNTIME DESTINATION "${CMAKE_INSTALL_BINDIR}" COMPONENT library
        PUBLIC_HEADER DESTINATION "${CMAKE_INSTALL_INCLUDEDIR}/SDL2" COMPONENT devel
    )

    if(APPLE)
        set(PKG_PREFIX "SDL2_net.framework/Resources")

>     elseif(WIN32)
>         set(PKG_PREFIX "cmake/SDL2_net")

Reviewer: The same will be applied to SDL_image
```suggestion
    elseif(WIN32 AND NOT MINGW)
        set(PKG_PREFIX "cmake")
```
Reported for SDL_image in https://github.com/libsdl-org/SDL_image/issues/274#event-6703527168

        )
    elseif(UNIX AND NOT ANDROID)
        set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES
            OUTPUT_NAME "SDL2_net-${LT_RELEASE}"
        )
    endif()
else()
    if(MSVC OR (WATCOM AND (WIN32 OR OS2)))
        set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES
            OUTPUT_NAME "SDL2_net-static"
        )
    endif()
endif()

# Use `Compatible Interface Properties` to ensure a shared SDL2_net is built with a shared SDL2
if(SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS)
    set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES 
        INTERFACE_SDL2_SHARED ${SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS}
        COMPATIBLE_INTERFACE_BOOL SDL2_SHARED
    )
endif()

if(SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS)
    sdl_target_link_options_no_undefined(SDL2_net)
endif()

if(SDL2NET_INSTALL)
    install(
        TARGETS SDL2_net
        EXPORT SDL2NetExports
        ARCHIVE DESTINATION "${CMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR}" COMPONENT devel
        LIBRARY DESTINATION "${CMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR}" COMPONENT library
        RUNTIME DESTINATION "${CMAKE_INSTALL_BINDIR}" COMPONENT library
        PUBLIC_HEADER DESTINATION "${CMAKE_INSTALL_INCLUDEDIR}/SDL2" COMPONENT devel
    )

    if(APPLE)
        set(PKG_PREFIX "SDL2_net.framework/Resources")

>     elseif(WIN32 AND NOT MINGW)

Author: This sounds reasonable, the unix file structure is also used by homebrew's SDL2 packages.

As you mentioned, as a follow-up PR, we could always look into adding an option such as: `SDL*_MACOS_BUILD_FRAMEWORK` that would instruct CMake to build it.

>     elseif(WIN32 AND NOT MINGW)

Reviewer 2: The macOS framework folder structure is already defined by Apple. The headers and shared object need to be placed as they are currently. You can structure the files under Resources however you want, and we need to include the license, readme, and CMake support files there. Developers used to Xcode and frameworks are not necessarily familiar with UNIX layout, so we could use the Resources folder as a prefix root for other files besides the shared library and headers, but I don't think there's a lot of value there. If you disagree, feel free to submit a description of the final framework folder structure and a PR to implement it.

>     elseif(WIN32 AND NOT MINGW)

Reviewer: We're talking about the installation folder lay-out when using `cmake` + `cmake --build` + `cmake --install` here.
With my suggestion, the folder layout will be completely the same as autotools on Macos.
I think CMake having the same folder layout as autotools seems reasonable as a first iteration.

Before my suggestion, the install prefix of SDL2_net looked as follows:
```
./SDL2_net.framework
./SDL2_net.framework/Resources
./SDL2_net.framework/Resources/SDL2_net-shared-targets-release.cmake
./SDL2_net.framework/Resources/SDL2_net-shared-targets.cmake
./SDL2_net.framework/Resources/SDL2_netConfig.cmake
./SDL2_net.framework/Resources/SDL2_netConfigVersion.cmake
./include
./include/SDL2
./include/SDL2/SDL_net.h
./lib
./lib/libSDL2_net-2.0.1.dylib
./lib/libSDL2_net-2.0.101.0.0.dylib
./lib/libSDL2_net-2.0.dylib
./lib/libSDL2_net.dylib
./lib/pkgconfig
./lib/pkgconfig/SDL2_net.pc
./share
./share/licenses
./share/licenses/SDL2_net
./share/licenses/SDL2_net/COPYING.txt
```
As you see, the SDL2_net libraries were not even installed as a subfolder of the `SDL2_net.framework`.

>     elseif(WIN32 AND NOT MINGW)

Reviewer 2: Oh, I see. This is using CMake to do a UNIX-style installation. In that case, yes, it should totally use the UNIX style placement for CMake support files, the same way autotools does.

option(SDL2NET_INSTALL "Enable SDL2_net install target" ON)
option(SDL2NET_SHOWINTERFACES "Build the showinterfaces test program" OFF)

# Save BUILD_SHARED_LIBS variable
set(SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS ${BUILD_SHARED_LIBS})

if(SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS)
    set(sdl2_net_export_name SDL2_net)
    set(sdl2_net_install_name_infix shared)
    set(sdl2_target_name SDL2::SDL2)
else()
    set(sdl2_net_export_name SDL2_net-static)
    set(sdl2_net_install_name_infix static)
    set(sdl2_target_name SDL2::SDL2-static)
endif()

sdl_find_sdl2(${sdl2_target_name} ${SDL_REQUIRED_VERSION})

add_library(SDL2_net
    SDLnet.c
    SDLnetselect.c
    SDLnetTCP.c
    SDLnetUDP.c
)
add_library(SDL2_net::${sdl2_net_export_name} ALIAS SDL2_net)
target_include_directories(SDL2_net PUBLIC
    "$<BUILD_INTERFACE:${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}>"
    "$<INSTALL_INTERFACE:${CMAKE_INSTALL_INCLUDEDIR}/SDL2>"
)
target_compile_definitions(SDL2_net PRIVATE
    BUILD_SDL
    SDL_BUILD_MAJOR_VERSION=${MAJOR_VERSION}
    SDL_BUILD_MINOR_VERSION=${MINOR_VERSION}
    SDL_BUILD_MICRO_VERSION=${MICRO_VERSION}
)
target_link_libraries(SDL2_net PRIVATE ${sdl2_target_name})
if(WIN32)
    if (MSVC)

>         set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES COMPILE_FLAGS "/wd4244 /wd4996")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        target_compile_options(SDL2_net PRIVATE /wd4244 /wd4996)
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion, I applied your suggestion in 90a143d. While also removing `/wd4996` (redundant with `_WINSOCK_DEPRECATION_NO_WARNINGS`) and adding `/W3` (to be consistent with the solution shipped in the `VisualC/` folder).

        else()
            set(PC_DESTDIR "${CMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR}/pkgconfig")
        endif()
        # Only install a SDL2_net.pc file in Release mode
        install(CODE "
            # FIXME: use file(COPY_FILE) if minimum CMake version >= 3.21
            execute_process(COMMAND \"\${CMAKE_COMMAND}\" -E copy_if_different
                \"${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/SDL2_net-$<CONFIG>.pc\"
                \"${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/SDL2_net.pc\")
            file(INSTALL DESTINATION \"\${CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX}/${PC_DESTDIR}\"
                TYPE FILE
                FILES \"${CMAKE_CURRENT_BINARY_DIR}/SDL2_net.pc\")" CONFIG Release COMPONENT devel)
    endif()

    if(SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS AND (APPLE OR (UNIX AND NOT ANDROID)))
        install(
            FILES
                "${PROJECT_BINARY_DIR}/libSDL2_net$<$<CONFIG:Debug>:${SDL2NET_DEBUG_POSTFIX}>$<TARGET_FILE_SUFFIX:SDL2_net>"
            DESTINATION "${CMAKE_INSTALL_LIBDIR}"
            COMPONENT devel
        )
    endif()

    install(FILES "COPYING.txt"
        DESTINATION "${CMAKE_INSTALL_DATAROOTDIR}/licenses/${PROJECT_NAME}"
        COMPONENT library
    )
endif()

if(SDL2NET_SHOWINTERFACES)

>     add_executable(showinterfaces showinterfaces.c)
> 
>     if(MINGW) # FIXME: mingw should be handled by SDL2::SDL2(-static) targets
>         target_link_libraries(showinterfaces PRIVATE mingw32)
>     endif()
>     
>     target_compile_definitions(showinterfaces PRIVATE SDL_MAIN_HANDLED)

Reviewer: Since `showinterfaces` is a console app, we don't need the mingw32 library anymore.
```suggestion
    add_executable(showinterfaces showinterfaces.c)
    target_compile_definitions(showinterfaces PRIVATE SDL_MAIN_HANDLED)
```

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 3.16)

list(APPEND CMAKE_MODULE_PATH "${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}/cmake")

# See release_checklist.md
set(MAJOR_VERSION 2)
set(MINOR_VERSION 1)
set(MICRO_VERSION 0)
set(SDL_REQUIRED_VERSION 2.0.0)

> set(DYLIB_COMPATIBILITY_VERSION "1")

Reviewer: Can you please update `test-versioning.sh` to include `CMakeLists.txt`?

Author: Added in fd6bc05520904e64d910b810bf1dbd2e330b008f

            SOVERSION "${LT_MAJOR}"
            VERSION "${LT_VERSION}"
        )
    endif()
endif()
if(SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS AND (APPLE OR (UNIX AND NOT ANDROID)))
    add_custom_command(TARGET SDL2_net POST_BUILD
        COMMAND "${CMAKE_COMMAND}" -E create_symlink "$<TARGET_SONAME_FILE_NAME:SDL2_net>" "libSDL2_net$<$<CONFIG:Debug>:${SDL2NET_DEBUG_POSTFIX}>$<TARGET_FILE_SUFFIX:SDL2_net>"
        WORKING_DIRECTORY "${PROJECT_BINARY_DIR}"
    )
endif()
if(SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS)
    if(WIN32 OR OS2)
        set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES
            PREFIX ""
        )
    endif()
    if(OS2)
        # FIXME: OS/2 Makefile has a different LIBNAME
        set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES
            OUTPUT_NAME "SDL2net"
        )
    elseif(UNIX AND NOT ANDROID)
        set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES
            OUTPUT_NAME "SDL2_net-${LT_RELEASE}"
        )
    endif()
endif()

# Use `Compatible Interface Properties` to ensure all linked SDL2 libraries are built with the same "sharedness".
set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES 
    INTERFACE_SDL2_SHARED ${SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS}
    COMPATIBLE_INTERFACE_BOOL SDL2_SHARED

> )

Reviewer: I added this to `SDL_image` to avoid linking a static SDL2 and a shared SDL2_image together.
This can happen when vendoring both libraries.
But perhaps this implementation is too limiting: it also forbids a shared SDL2 and a static SDL2_image.

Perhaps the following should be done instead:
in the main sdl project:
```cmake
set_target_properties(SDL2 PROPERTIES 
    INTERFACE_SDL2_SHARED ${SDL_SHARED}
    COMPATIBLE_INTERFACE_BOOL SDL2_SHARED
)
```

and in all satellite libraries:
```cmake
if(SDL2_XXX_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS)
    set_target_properties(SDL2_xxx PROPERTIES
        INTERFACE_SDL2_SHARED ${SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS}
        COMPATIBLE_INTERFACE_BOOL SDL2_SHARED
    )
endif()
```
Then it will only fail in the SDL2=static + SDL2_xxx=shared state.

Reviewer: Can you add this?
The same change should happen to `SDL_image`, for the same reason I explained above.
```suggestion
# Use `Compatible Interface Properties` to ensure a shared SDL2_net is built with a shared SDL2
if(SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS)
    set_target_properties(SDL2_net PROPERTIES 
        INTERFACE_SDL2_SHARED ${SDL2NET_BUILD_SHARED_LIBS}
        COMPATIBLE_INTERFACE_BOOL SDL2_SHARED
    )
endif()
```
